This file is to provide some guidance on using scripts.

Under the Application folder there is a shell script called "owl"

To use the script owl use you must first do type this command:   ". ./owl setup"    (quotation marks not needed in actual command) you must do this for every new terminal

Owl takes in an argument to call a script within this directory.  

It takes the format of owl "script" where script is the name of a script in this directory

*note: owl will most certainly change the directory you are in. I had to this so that it can work on anyones computer. I know it's annoying but this is the only way I could make some commands since i don't know how everyone has their directory set up. you do not have to use owl if you don't want to. I use made this 

example: 

	owl proxy "password"

	owl migration 

	owl deploy 

	owl html





Script definitions and uses:

*note you may need to chmod 700 some of the scripts. example: chmod 700 setup

setup - this sets up owl to be used with other commands. You must do this everytime a new terminal is open

proxy - this will set up a cloud proxy of the database

migration - this will make the migrations necessary for the project (not exactly sure why we need migrations but it's a django thing i believe)

deploy - this will deploy the app. When you run this script there is no need to change the setting.py file for the static url

virtual - this sets up the virtual environemnet from the plantsvenv directory. To run this script correctly you must use the command . ./owl virtual    . I know it may be a hassle remembering to put the extra dot at the beginning to so feel free to bring up the virtual environment up how we use to do it. I.e.   source plantsvenv/bin/acitvation 

runlocal - runs the local version of teh website

html - brings you to the html folder quickly. 

view - brings you to the view/url folder quickly

home - Takes you to the projects home ( you really are already at the projects home so this is like a no-op)
